Update 103-for-loop (#1579)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/103-for-loop.md

> # For loop
> 
> A For loop is used to execute a specific block of code repeatly, for a known or an unknown number of times . <br>
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/for'>For loop example</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://yourbasic.org/golang/for-loop/'>5 basic for loop patterns</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For Loop

Go has only one looping construct, the `for` loop. The basic `for` loop has three components separated by semicolons:

- the init statement: executed before the first iteration
- the condition expression: evaluated before every iteration
- the post statement: executed at the end of every iteration

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/tour/flowcontrol/1'>For Loop in Golang</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/for'>Go by Example: For loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://yourbasic.org/golang/for-loop/'>5 basic for loop patterns</BadgeLink>
```
